My eyes fluttered open to sunlight filtering through my window at Malfoy Manor. I held up my hands so that I could see the bruises on my wrists. My father had gotten drunk the night before and took his ever-present anger out on me. It wasn't unusual, especially since I'd be leaving for Hogwarts in a matter of weeks. These were his last chances to abuse me until I came home for the holidays.

Regardless, as soon as the beating had ended, I'd travelled by Floo Powder to the Malfoys and spent the night there. However, as I awoke, something felt new. Something always felt a little different after I had endured a beating, and the one last night was rather severe. But this sensation was completely new. I'd never experienced anything like it.

It was a new, strange feeling that was completely alien to me. It felt as though there were extensions on different parts of my body. As if there were…more of me. I thought perhaps my head was just swollen, but that wasn't right.

Cautiously, I lifted my fingers to the top of my head, one of the main points of the odd feeling. I gasped audibly when I felt a pair of fluffy, semi-pointed ears sprouting from my long, dirty blonde hair, which had begun growing in darker over the summer. My other hand shot behind my lower back where I could feel an extension of my spine. Surely enough, there was a big, bushy tail. Covering my mouth so as not to cry out in fear or shock, I ran over to the large mirror on the other side of the room.

The tail that stuck out of one leg of my shorts, as well as the additional ears, were bright scarlet. Seeing everything with my eyes instead of trusting my fingers made me let loose one long, bloodcurdling scream. I'd barely finished when Dobby appeared in my bedroom.

"Pardon me for intruding, Miss Ashe, but Dobby was worried when he…" the house elf trailed off as his eyes landed on the cause of the shriek, "Oh dear. Shall Dobby get Master Draco?"

"No!" I exclaimed, "I don't want him to see me like this. Narcissa, get Narcissa! She'll know what to do."

"Mistress Narcissa is out at the moment. Dobby will fetch Master Lucius instead."

"No, wait-!"

But Dobby had already disappeared.

A few moments later, I heard heavy footsteps coming down the hall.

"Raven, what's going on?" Lucius asked lazily as he entered the room, but he froze as soon as he saw me, his eyes widening.

Mr. Malfoy was not an easy man to shock, but I had done it once again.

"I don't know, Daddy," I whimpered as tears welled in my eyes.

He approached me slowly, studying the ears and tail as if I were a specimen instead of his son's best friend.

"Fox fur," he stated, more to himself than to me.

Without warning, he reached up to trap one of my fluffy ears between his thumb and index finger. Automatically, my sensitive ear tried to twitch away, but it was captured nonetheless. He studied it intently for a few moments.

"What am I supposed to do?" I asked nervously, jerking my head away from him. He let the ear slip away easily, "Am I stuck like this? Hogwarts starts soon, and I can't go to school looking like a fox."

"Follow me. I have a way to fix it. For now," Mr. Malfoy commented as he led me out of my room and down the hall towards his office.

I cautiously followed, praying not to run into Draco. The last thing I wanted was for Draco to see me like this. It was humiliating to be part animal. And the way Lucius was studying me – the way Draco would surely study me – was just as humiliating.

When we finally arrived at Mr. Malfoy's study, I sat down in one of the leather chairs next to the fireplace while he walked over to his bookshelf and searched for something.

"Have you ever heard of an animagus?" he asked, pulling a rather large book off the shelf and sitting opposite me.

"No."

"It's someone who can turn into an animal. Your mother is one."

"So, she turns into a fox too?"

"Not a fox. A rabbit. And it isn't random and uncontrolled like yours. She has complete power over when she turns into a rabbit, and it is never a partial transformation."

"So, I can turn into a full fox? Is that a good thing?"

"Well, it indicates a lot of power, and when you learn how to control this raw power, I believe you will be able to turn into a full fox whenever you'd like. A fox fits you rather nicely actually. Smart, cunning. But the ability itself was most likely passed down genetically, which is rare," he explained absently, flipping through the book in search of something, "It takes a lot of power to control it, but I doubt you'll have a problem with that. You'll just need to learn. I'm not an animagus, so I can't teach you, but your mother certainly can."

"How come I never knew that she could do that?"

"Because your mother is unregistered. All animagi need to be registered with the Ministry. If they do not, they are breaking the law. Someone will need to take you to the Ministry as soon as you've mastered transforming."

"But what do I do about it now?"

"When I was at Hogwarts, we learned a transfiguration spell, but I forgot it, not thinking I'd ever need it. Luckily, I have a book on animagus transformation. Ah, here it is."

As he stood up, he drew his wand and let it brush against my forehead.

"Prorsus humana," he muttered, making my ears and tail shrink back until they were nonexistent.

I shivered and cringed violently; the sensation was new and uncomfortable. But it passed quickly, and Lucius withdrew his wand.

"Thank you," I muttered, standing as he took the book back to the shelf.

"Just remember the spell if that ever happens at school. It is prudent that no one knows what you are becoming until I have a chance to take you to the Ministry."

"Yes, Daddy," I said, taking a few steps forward and absently running my fingers over the edge of his desk.

It was then that I noticed a box and a leather-bound book sitting on the otherwise clear surface.

"What's that?" I asked.

Lucius turned from the bookshelf to see what I was referring to.

"Oh that," he replied dryly, following my gaze, "That is a box of items I'm going to sell at Borgin and Burkes when we go to Diagon Alley today."

"What about the book? Are you going to sell that too?"

"No. It's just a book I happened to be reading earlier," he replied casually, moving to take a seat behind his desk. He grabbed the book and slipped it into one of his desk drawers, "I haven't put it away yet. Why don't you go get ready to go to Diagon Alley? We'll be leaving soon."

I regarded him suspiciously, but I didn't dare challenge him. There was something he was hiding, but unfortunately, Mr. Malfoy was very good at hiding things. Whatever he was lying about, I had no clue what it was. I could suspect him of nothing more than lying to me.

So, with a quiet "yes, Daddy," I turned and left the room.

As soon as Draco, Lucius, and I arrived in Diagon Alley, we nearly made a beeline for a store in the neighboring Knockturn Alley: Borgin and Burkes – the dark, creepy shop that had always intrigued me and my friend even though we'd only been inside a few times.

"Touch nothing," Mr. Malfoy told us as we entered the store.

"I thought you were going to buy me a present?" mentioned Draco, who'd been looking at a single glass eye that was scanning the shop in a mason jar.

"I said I would buy you both broomsticks," Lucius drawled, making his way to the front counter.

"What's the good of that if we're not on the House team?" he asked, trailing after him, "Harry Potter got a Nimbus 2000 last year. Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor. He's not even that good, it's just because he's famous…famous for having a stupid scar on his forehead…"

As Draco rambled on, I looked over at Mr. Malfoy, who rolled his eyes. We had stopped in an aisle a few paces from the front counter, and the expression on Lucius' face told me that we shared mutual thoughts.

Over the entire summer, Draco hadn't shut up about Harry. At first, he bragged to his parents that it was all thanks to me we won the House cup, but his stories quickly changed to all the achievements Potter and his friends had made throughout the year. And all the times that they should have gotten in trouble but nearly never did.

"You have told me this at least a dozen times already. And would I remind you that it is not…prudent to appear less than fond of Harry Potter, not when most of our kind regard him as the hero who made the Dark Lord disappear," Lucius interrupted.

I sighed and turned to a table of creepy but beautiful masks. I'd been trying not to think of it, but if Harry had never been born, or if he was killed, the Dark Lord would still be here, and my father might be less compelled to hurt me or my mother. I knew of my parents' loyalty to the Dark Lord as well as the Malfoys'. Narcissa wasn't a death eater, but her sister was.

I'd only heard stories about Bellatrix Lestrange. Because she was locked up in Azkaban, I had never had the pleasure of meeting her. To avoid the same fate, however, my parents and the Malfoys claimed to be under the Imperious Curse, but it was a lie. Draco didn't know about any of it, not yet anyway, but my mother found me trustworthy enough to explain it all at an early age.

"Mr. Malfoy," Borgin's greasy voice came out of nowhere as he stepped out from the back room and crept down the aisle towards us, "What a pleasure to see you again. Delighted…young Master Malfoy too. Charmed, and Miss Ashe…" he leered at me with a creepy, unsettling smile until Lucius stepped in between us to block me from view. Peeking out from behind Mr. Malfoy's cloak, I saw Borgin's eyes lift to Lucius'. He looked less than happy once I was shielded.

"How may I be of assistance?" he asked, recovering with an artificial smile, "I must show you, just in today, and very reasonably priced-."

"I'm not buying today, Borgin, but selling."

As the conversation continued, Draco grabbed the sleeve of my black sweater and pulled me over to what he was looking at.

"Check it out," he whispered, pointing through the glass as a gray, withered hand before addressing his father, "Can I have that?"

But Borgin's eyes were still trained on me, and he was rushing over to us in a second.

"Ah! The Hand of Glory," Borgin explained, standing behind me and resting his hands on my shoulders, "Insert a candle, and it gives light to only the holder! Best friend of thieves and plunderers!"

He turned to Mr. Malfoy.

"Your son has fine taste, sir."

I shifted uncomfortably, but as Borgin began rubbing circles into my back with his thumbs, I tensed up further. I shot a pleading look at Lucius, but he was too busy glaring with the shop-owner to notice.

"I hope my son will amount to more than a thief or a plunderer, Borgin," he snarled.

"No offense, sir, no offense meant…"

"Though if his grades don't pick up, that may indeed be all he is fit for," he continued, beginning to talk to Draco directly as Borgin continued massaging me, "Perhaps if you took after Raven, your grades would improve."

I might have blushed, or at least muttered a thank you, but I was concentrating too hard on not being sick as Borgin began stroking my hair. I attempted another look at Mr. Malfoy, which thankfully he noticed after having mentioned me.

Draco also must have seen the disgust on my face because he was mirroring it when I looked over at him.

"I'm in something of a hurry, Borgin," Lucius rescued, "I have important business elsewhere, so if you'd please stop molesting her…"

As soon as the slimy clerk's hands were off of me, I was able to breathe easier, although I shuddered violently. Still grimacing, Draco took me by the arm and pulled me into another aisle. We looked at other artifacts, but I was hardly paying attention. There was too much of an urgency to leave the store.

Luckily, I only had to wait a few more minutes before Lucius was ready to go.

"Good day to you, Mr. Borgin," Lucius was saying as he found Draco and I and swept us out the door. As soon as we were gone, and Borgin couldn't hear us, Mr. Malfoy shook his head, his lip curling in disgust.

"Don't let yourselves become that," he sneered, "He's an embarrassment to purebloods. Stay away from him if you can help it."

"He's a pureblood?" I asked in shock.

"Yes. Surprising, isn't it? I thought most purebloods held themselves to a higher standard. Regardless, I've seen even muggles and mudbloods more…respectable than him. Even squibs..."

My jaw dropped. I'd never heard Lucius talk about anyone so unfavorably. Comparing a pureblood – no matter who they were – to a mudblood, muggle, or god forbid, a squib was not anything I'd ever think he would say. He was very proud of purebloods, as was my family, but Borgin must have been particularly unsavory for him to speak about him in such a way.

"Well," Lucius added after seeing my expression, "Let's not forget that the Weasleys are purebloods as well."

"Yes, but they're blood traitors, and you said that's just as bad – if not worse," I explained.

"I'm surprised that you're trying to defend a man that just had his grimy hands all over you," Lucius shot back.

"I'm not. I'm just-."

"Anyways," Mr. Malfoy interrupted, "Shall we get your books first?"

"I want to get our brooms first," Draco insisted.

"I thought you didn't find them useful if you didn't make the team?"

"Umm…" I interrupted, "I'm not sure that my father-."

"I've already spoken to your father, and he said I was permitted to buy your broomstick without you being punished. I am aware of what happened last year," Mr. Malfoy assured.

"Wait, what happened last year?" asked Draco.

It had been Draco's idea to buy me an owl for my birthday. He hadn't known that I had been beaten for it when I returned home that evening. I couldn't bring myself to tell him either. He was already angry that my father abused me, but if he knew that it was his actions that had inspired a beating, he would never be able to forgive himself.

"Nothing," I muttered, and before he could say more, Lucius turned to him.

"I will buy your brooms after your other school supplies have been taken care of. Now, I need to run into Gringotts…alone. Go together to get your books from Flourish and Blotts, and wait there for me. I shan't be long."

I nodded, but Draco was already rolling his eyes and dragging me towards the book store by my wrist. As we entered, he led me up to the loft so we could avoid the large crowd that was gathered below.

"What's going on down there?" I asked, leaning over the railing.

"What does it matter?" growled Draco, already flipping through the bookshelves to find our required materials.

"I think that's Gilderoy Lockhart down there."

Scowling, Draco moved to lean over the railing with me. I glanced at him.

Over the summer, Draco hadn't matured much physically, but he was no longer the small boy he was a year ago. He had acquired a somewhat commanding air about him, not unlike his father. In fact, I could almost see the man Draco would become in the future as he stood looking over the throng. One hand rested on the banister, very close to mine, while the other resided on his hip, pushing his black cape back majestically.

Suddenly, a commotion on the ground floor got my attention.

Amongst the middle-aged women, the Weasleys and the Grangers stood with Harry. They'd gotten Lockhart's attention, and he'd pulled Harry to stand with him. Lockhart was famous for the adventures he'd written about and published in his books, and a large part of the witch population was in love with him. Even I'd heard of him, but I found him arrogant and intolerable, as did Draco. I only really knew about Lockhart because my mother owned every single one of his books.

A few years prior, she'd brought me to one of his book signings. She had stared at him with eyes so large and mystified that I'd be surprised if she'd heard a work he'd said. But I had, and I was not impressed. Everything he said seemed to be self-promoting in a very obnoxious way. He acted as though he was on a different plane than the rest of us commoners.

I couldn't stand him then, and I couldn't stand him now.

"Nice, big smile, Harry," Lockhart bellowed, "Together, you and I are worth the front page."

"Ridiculous," Draco hissed, fingers wrapping around my elbow before he yanked me towards the shelves.

The only one not by Lockhart was The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Two. Both having extensive libraries – and mothers – Draco and I were confident we owned the other books already.

By the time we'd found the book of spells, the trio and their families were already preparing to leave. They were headed towards the exit as we descended the stairs. Predictably, Draco rushed to block the door.

"Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter?" he sneered. I'm sure I wasn't the only one who noticed his jealousy, "Famous Harry Potter can't even go to a book shop without making the front page."

"Leave him alone. He didn't want all that," the younger Weasley girl defended.

She was pretty but dirty, as were the other Weasleys and Harry. Though she glared at Draco, it was clear he found her ridiculous just by the ash that covered her face.

"Look, Potter," he laughed, "You've got yourself a girlfriend."

"Could say the same to you, Malfoy," Weasley jumped in, nodding at me. Draco's cheek turned pink, and the grin slid away as Weasley continued, "Bet you're just surprised to see Harry here, eh?"

"Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley. I suppose your family will go hungry for a month to pay for all those," Draco snapped in return before Ron advanced on him.

Out of reflex, I stepped in front of Draco – either to protect him or to protect the others – but Harry and Hermione were already holding Ron back.

"You need to control yourself, Weasley," I told him, ignoring the own pressure at my back as Draco tried to get closer to him.

"Ron!" a voice called. I looked over Harry's shoulder to see Mr. Weasley pushing through the crowd, "What are you doing? It's too crowded in here, let's go outside."

His eyes landed on me, and he smiled. I was surprised when the grin seemed genuine.

"Ravenfire Ashe, is it? I've heard a bit about you. You helped these three protect the Sorcerer's Stone last year. That was very brave. I'm-."

"Well, well, well…Arthur Weasley," someone said as a hand fell onto my shoulder.

It was unlike the bony, greasy hand of Borgin. It was strong, gentle, and protective.

"Lucius," Mr. Weasley growled, smile fading into a sneer.

"Busy time at the Ministry, I hear. All those raids… I hope they're paying you overtime for it," Lucius commented sociably with underlying dislike as his hand left my shoulder to grab the Weasley girl's second-hand book, "Obviously not. Dear me, what's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizards if they don't even pay you well for it?"

"We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wizard, Malfoy," Mr. Weasley replied, his smile no longer genuine but still present.

"Clearly…the company you keep, Weasley," he muttered, glancing at Hermione's uncomfortable parents, dressed in their obviously-muggle clothing, "and I thought your family could sink no lower."

Suddenly, Draco and I jumped back as Mr. Weasley launched himself at Lucius, slamming him into a bookshelf.

I let out a cold, incredulous laugh. I wouldn't have put something like that past Ron, but I would assume his father had more maturity and self-control. However, I only thought about it for a second before my eyes were drawn to Lucius.

In all the confusion, I might have been the only one who noticed. Quickly and stealthily, he slipped the small book that had been on his desk earlier into the Weasley girl's book that he was still holding.

"Get him, Dad!" Fred and George called out in unison, but the bookshop assistant was already breaking them apart. When both men regained their composure, Lucius threw the books into Ginny's cauldron.

"Here, girl. Take your book," he said angrily, "It's the best your father can give you."

Then, he gestured to Draco, who pulled me out of the shop. Once on the street, I could tell that Draco was fuming, but Lucius seemed almost satisfied, as if the entire thing was part of the plan to get the mysterious book into Ginny's possession.

I didn't doubt it.

I knew he was up to something, but I still had no idea what.

As Draco slowly calmed down, we continued our shopping, stopping to get new uniforms since we'd outgrown the ones from the year before. After that, we convinced Mr. Malfoy to get us ice cream before heading to Quality Quidditch Supplies to get our broomsticks.

I stopped in front of the display window while I licked my hot chocolate and marshmallow flavored ice cream. There were several other kids who'd stopped to look at the new Nimbus 2001. Before I'd even finished my ice cream, Draco pulled me into the store. He went immediately to the new model with a sleek, black handle and a black whiskery end that faded into green at the very tip.

When I saw it, my mouth fell agape. It was the most beautiful broomstick I'd ever seen.

"What if we don't make it on the team?" Draco turned and asked his father, who sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation.

"How would you like me to fix that problem?" Lucius asked, but it was clear that he wasn't expecting Draco to be able to give him an answer. It wasn't as if he could guarantee us a spot on the team, right?

But leave it to Draco to think of something.

"Well…if you offered to buy the entire team new broomsticks, they'd let us on the team for sure because if they didn't, they'd have to play on those old, beat-up ones."

I shot a look of disbelief at Draco, but Lucius simply rolled his eyes.

"Fine," he sighed as if he was agreeing to no more than playing a game of Wizard's Chess, "Is this model what you're deciding on?"

Draco nodded, but I was not happy with this.

We were both good enough to make the team without much competition. We didn't have to bribe. We'd played several smaller games over the summer between the two of us.

But then I remembered a big obstacle that even Lucius hadn't remembered.

The Slytherin team didn't allow girls to play.

If I wanted to make it, bribing was truly the only way.

When we returned to Malfoy Manor, Fatigo was waiting for me on the window seat in my room. Clutched in his claws was a letter. It wasn't even in an envelope, and when I took it from him, I saw why.

The words were barely legible, as if the writer had a shaky hand, and the ink was smeared and runny…as though the writer's tears had fallen onto the parchment.

It was from my mother.

The letter explained – very formally – that Father wasn't in a good mood. He had gotten angry about something, and he had already begun taking it out on Mother. To keep me safe, she had written a quick letter telling me to stay at Malfoy Manor for another evening.

I could only hope for her safety, but I thanked her silently for keeping me safe.

That night, Draco and I had stayed up late, talking and joking whilst stuffing our faces with chocolate frogs and Bertie Bott's Every Flavored Beans. When he decided he wanted to go to sleep, I began heading to my own room. I loved having a room that was all mine at Malfoy Manor. It made me feel as though it were my real home.

But instead of going inside and sleeping, I bypassed it and kept walking down the hall. I past a few doors before stopping in front of one in particular. There was no sound coming from inside, but there was a flickering light seeping into the hall through the space under the door.

I knocked softly.

There was a sigh, and then, "Come in, Raven."

Opening the door barely more than a crack, I slipped inside and regarded Mr. Malfoy curiously. Instead of sitting at his desk, like I assumed he would be, he sat in one of his chairs in front of the fire. He held a glass with about an inch of honey-colored liquid and stared into the flames.

"How'd you know it was me?" I asked, shutting the door behind me and moving towards the light of the fire, out of the darkness.

"Draco doesn't knock, and Narcissa never comes to my office," he drawled, not taking his eyes away from the fireplace, "Now, what is it you need? Is the tail back?"

"What was that book?" I blurted, ignoring his question.

He hardly blinked.

"What book?" he replied, taking a sip of his drink.

"The one I saw this morning…the one you gave to Ginny Weasley."

Suddenly, his eyes snapped to me, the blazing fire reflected inside of them. He leaned forward and pointed a stern finger at me.

"Don't tell anyone about that. It's none of your business."

"But I saw you give it to her, which makes it my business," I heard myself say.

It sounded almost like a threat.

"You wouldn't understand, little girl," Lucius growled dangerously, "If you tell anybody about it, I won't be very forgiving."

That definitely sounded like a threat.

I stared back at him, surprised to find myself trembling. My curiosity had gotten me in trouble numerous times before, but now I needed to let this go. I didn't want the man whom I'd trusted the most to be angry with me.

I didn't want Daddy to be mad.

Besides, there was plenty of time to discover what the book was on my own. I didn't need to talk about it with him anymore. I didn't need to tell anyone else. I just had to go to Hogwarts and find it, which would be easy. I'd just need to take it from Ginny.

I lowered my eyes and looked at my feet.

"I'm sorry, Daddy. I won't tell anyone," I whimpered before turning to leave.

"Raven," he sighed, leaning back in his chair, now sounding more exasperated than threatening. With my hand already resting on the doorknob, I looked over my shoulder at him, "Come here."

Still shaking, I stepped back into the light and sat on the leather seat across the rug from him. I twisted my fingers together so he wouldn't see them shaking. Why couldn't I have just kept my mouth shut?

"I don't mean to frighten you," Lucius told me, "but it's very important that my secrets remain mine. What happened today…that book…it has to do with the Dark Lord. They're trying to bring him back. The Death Eaters have gone through many attempts, many plans. So far, none of them have succeeded, but the day will come when they will. He'll return once again. But I can tell you no more."

"But…I want to know. What are the Death Eaters doing with the book? What makes the book so special?"

"Raven, I don't even know that. There will be a time when you'll be more informed than anyone, but as far as anyone knows, you're completely in the dark. Understood?"

"What do you mean?"

"Raven," Lucius warned, "No more questions. Not for now."

"Yes, Daddy," I whispered, glancing down at my feet again, even though I was even more confused than I had been when I came into his office.

Suddenly, Mr. Malfoy chuckled.

I glared at him, "What?"

"Your ears are back."

I threw my hands up to cover them, but he reached over to push my hands away.

"Don't. They're...cute," he said, the word sounding foreign on his tongue.

I blushed furiously.

"Try to get rid of them on your own this time," Lucius continued, taking another sip of his drink, "but leave them for tonight."

He reached over and touched one of them. Immediately, the ear twitched away and Lucius shot me a look.

"Relax," he said, "I just want to feel them."

With much concentration, I managed to relax my ears enough so that they stayed put as Mr. Malfoy touched them. Even though he was being gentle, my ears were extremely sensitive. It was hard to keep them from twitching away again.

"They're so soft."

Thanking him felt like the right thing to do, but I wasn't sure why. At the last moment, I stopped myself. The ears were out of place. They didn't belong on my head. Thanking Lucius for the compliment made it seem as if I was accepting the ears as a part of me. As though I were welcoming them, and I certainly was not.

Instead, I stood up.

"If there's nothing else, I think I'm going to bed, Daddy," I informed.

Lucius' gaze hovered over me for a moment, as though he were going to argue. But he would have no reason to keep me there.

So he nodded instead.

"Very well. Have a good evening, Raven."

I managed a weak smile before turning and leaving the room.

When I opened the door and turned to go back to my room, I crashed right into Dobby, who jumped away with a startled yelp.

"Oh, I'm sorry!" I exclaimed, "Are you alright?"

"Y-yes. Dobby is alright," he replied shakily.

"What were you doing?"

"I w-was on my way to…umm…the stairs. I was going to the kitchen. To fetch Mistress Narcissa more wine."

I shrugged, feeling bad for the elf. He needn't be afraid of me. I knew that the Malfoys treated him terribly, but I had never threatened or harmed him at all. I frowned as he trembled before me, as if he were worried that I were going to attack him because I'd run into him.

"Well, I'd hurry then," I told him awkwardly, unsure of what else to say to him.

He nodded gratefully and scurried down the corridor, towards the stairs.

"Mr. Malfoy told me about the other morning," Mother said, "about your ears and tail."

She sat on the sofa in the drawing room with a book on animagi open on her lap, her sky blue dress and light, blonde hair contrasting sharply with her purple eye and the matching bruises on her cheek, neck, and wrists. The juxtaposition was almost satirical.

Mother looked too gentle for such brutality.

"The ears came back again last night," I informed, opting not to acknowledge the evidence of Father's abuse.

"Did Mr. Malfoy get rid of them, or did you?"

"I did. This morning."

"You aren't allowed to use magic outside of school."

"I didn't," I explained, "I didn't use the spell Lucius used. He only showed it to me; he never taught me. I just relaxed enough to let the ears melt back into my head."

I let my eyes shift from Mother to the white ceiling above where I lay, sprawled out on the purple and cadet blue rug. My black, flowing skirts had bunched up around my thighs, but what did I care? No one was here except Mother. Had my father been there, he would have scolded me for not maintaining a more lady-like position.

But he was meeting with a group of Death Eaters, leaving Mother and I alone and safe.

"I told your father about it, but don't worry. He thinks it will be a useful skill. He'd never admit this, but I think he's proud that his twelve-year-old daughter is powerful enough to be an animagus."

He wasn't proud. I knew that much.

"Mr. Malfoy said you have to register me."

"He's just saying that because he works at the Ministry. I'm not even registered."

"Yes, I know," I said, sitting up and looking at her, "You could go to Azkaban for that. Lucius said."

"Stop calling him that," Mother scolded, "You are to refer to him respectfully."

"Don't change the subject. You're breaking the law."

"No one will find out," she commented carelessly, making a show of examining her nails.

"What makes you so sure about that?"

"Are you threatening me?" she asked, her eyes snapping back to me and her mouth hanging agape.

"Of course not, Mother! I'm just saying that it's not worth the risk."

"This isn't about me, Raven," she snapped before becoming overcome with gentleness. She smiled down at me and leaned over to brush a few stray hairs away from my face. After being with my father for so long, Mother had mastered the art of hiding your anger behind a smile, "It's about you. I'm going to teach you how to control your fox. The animal inside of you is powerful. Before you can master the transformation, you need to accept the fox. You must embrace it. Close your eyes and take some deep breaths."

Cautiously, I laid back down on the ground and did as she said. The peace I felt was almost immediate as I told myself to accept the fox. I hadn't wanted to admit that the animal was a part of me because I was scared of it. The fox seemed like a power I wasn't worthy of beholding. I thought my denial would prevent the responsibility and would come along with it.

But there was no escape.

It was a part of me.

"Now," Mother continued, "focus on the extra energy coursing through you. Feel it. Absorb it. Embrace the fox within yourself. Don't deny it. Relax. Now, connect with it. You are the fox. Become aware of it. Good. Good!"

When Mother fell silent, I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do next. I opened my mouth to ask her, but instead of words, all that came out was a whiny bark.

My eyes flew open.

I was much smaller than I normally was. The world seemed so much bigger, and it seemed like I was definitely taking up less space on the carpet. I sat up on the rug and looked myself over. I was covered in scarlet fur, and my body had completely been rearranged into that of a fox.

Standing up on all fours, I looked into my Mother's beaming face.

"You've done it! Good girl! I hadn't expected you to be able to on your first try. But you did! Honey, I am so proud of you."

Her, I believed.

"You can transform into a fox?" Draco asked excitedly.

We sat on the Hogwarts Express with Pansy, Crabbe, and Goyle, happy to finally be returning to start another adventure-filled year. I had missed Hogwarts deeply, and I couldn't wait to be home once again.

"Who told you that?" I asked harshly.

"Father did."

"Of course," I sighed with an eye roll. I had hoped to keep it a secret from Draco, but I hadn't shared that desire with Lucius. Of course he'd brag about it to Narcissa and Draco, "Mother taught me how. But you can't tell anyone else because I'm not registered yet."

"I know that. Father told me. But do you know how rare that it? I haven't heard of any animaguses as young as you."

"Animagi," I corrected, "and I know it's rare, but I'm serious, Draco. Mother and I could both be sent to Azkaban if you don't keep your mouth shut about it. Pansy, Crabbe, Goyle…you had better keep quiet too."

They all nodded, but none of them were even paying attention.

Pansy was reading some trashy, paperback novel that they sold at every bookstore I'd ever been inside. There was an entire section of them. All were beaten up and very cheap, and all had similar pictures on the front. Decorating the cover was a picture of a man with a button-down shirt, except all the buttons were open and his rippling abs were exposed and gleaming. In the background, there was a woman leaning up against a rock in a very revealing red dress.

Crabbe and Goyle, on the other hand, were sorting through the candy that the trolley witch had sold them a few minutes before. The food was more interesting to them than I could ever be. This neither surprised nor bothered me.

"It's just so cool!" Draco exclaimed for the fifth time.

Trying to hide my frustration, I stood up and moved towards the door.

"I'll be back," I informed, "I need to walk around."

"Wait," Draco said, sitting up and reaching for me, as if to keep me in the compartment, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bother you."

Now, Pansy was looking up from her novel, her cheeks tinted pink from the story.

"You didn't," I told him, mustering my most gentle voice, "I just need to stretch my legs. I'm not mad at you."

And I wasn't mad. I just needed to get away from this conversation for a while. There were so many things that I hadn't wanted to happen that had. Draco knowing that I could turn into a fox was one of them.

He thought it was awesome now, but when he saw it in action, it would become much less "cool" and much more humiliating. Would he finger my ears like his father did?

Probably.

So I slipped out of the compartment, shutting the door softly and giving Draco one last reassuring smile before walking down the aisle. I had made it past about three compartments before Hermione rounded the corner and charged straight up to me.

She looked almost the same as she had the previous year, but her frizzy hair looked slightly softer and a lot tamer. And her eyes were wild.

"Raven!" she said, out of breath, "I can't find Harry or Ron anywhere!"

"What do you mean? I'm sure they're here somewhere. You probably just haven't found them yet."

"I've looked everywhere!"

"Hermione, where else would they be?"

"I don't know!" she cried, dangerously close to hyperventilation.

"Alright, calm down," I comforted, wrapping an arm around her, "I'm sure they're f-."

"Hey!" another Gryffindor called, pointing out the window, "It's the Weasleys' flying car."

Hermione and I shared one wide-eyed look before separating and racing over to the window. We were soon joined by Draco, who'd heard the shouting. He stood on the other side of me, pressed up against the window and glaring up at the car.

"Look at that," he scoffed, "Potter thinks he's too good to ride the train like the rest of us."

"I-I'm sure there's a good explanation," someone muttered in denial, but it was clear a lot of people were struggling to disagree with Draco.

No one ever rode in a car to Hogwarts. Everyone took the train. Doing anything else certainly did seem to indicate that they thought they were above the rest of the students. Even I couldn't come up with an alternate explanation, even though I knew there had to be.

Harry didn't think he was better than anyone else, I was sure of that.

"No matter," Draco continued, "There are consequences for actions such as these. I bet Potter and Weasley will be expelled. Then we'll see how inflated their egos are."

"That's funny coming from you, Malfoy," Hermione shot at him from over my shoulder.

"Oh, isn't it? Maybe you'd like to look at your own ego, Granger. For some reason, you seem to think you belong here, but you don't. You don't deserve to be at Hogwarts. You should have stayed with you muggle family."

Hermione didn't respond, and though she tried to glare back, I saw the hurt in her eyes.

"Hey," I told her, pulling her gently away from Draco and the window, "They're going to be fine, and I'm sure they have their reasons. I don't think they'll get expelled. Everything will be fine. Just try to relax until we get to Hogwarts."

She stared back at me for a few seconds, struggling to do as I said, but then she noticeably became less tense with a sigh.

"You're right. There's nothing I can do about it now. Thank you, Raven."

I tried to smile, but I was worried that it looked like a wince. Regardless, she turned away from me and headed back to her own compartment. When she was gone, I whirled on Draco.

"You shouldn't have said that," I told him, uncaring of who was watching us. There were still many students still in the aisle, Gryffindor and Slytherin alike.

"It's true!"

"You don't have to be so cruel," I retorted, but it was devoid of anger. There was only weary disappointment, but Draco was still just as embarrassed.

He put a rough hand on my arm and dragged me back to our compartment.

Everyone around us remained silent, watching between us and the blue car rising back up into the clouds.

When he pushed me into our compartment, he glared at me.

"Why would you do that in front of them? They were Gryffindors. I don't need them to see me being scolded like a child by my best friend."

"Then don't be so mean to her."

"Why? You're not friends with her, are you?"

"Of course not," I lied, "But it's not fair to use blood status against anyone, let alone Granger. She could beat you in a duel, and you know it."

"She could not!"

"You just don't want to admit that she's just as powerful as you without blood purity."

Draco paused. Instead of arguing further, he huffed in irritation and sat back down, looking out the window. I sat next to him and nudged him with my elbow.

"What?" he snapped.

"Nothing."

I nudged him again.

"Cut it out."

"Cut what out?"

Another nudge.

"Raven, stop it."

"Draco, stop what?"

Nudge.

Draco turned to look at me. At first, his face was a picture of annoyance. But then he melted into laughter and nudged me back.

I smiled.

It didn't matter how mad we were at each other. We could always make each other laugh.

We would always still be best friends.

The welcoming feast was as enjoyable as it was the previous year, but this time I got to watch the Sorting Ceremony instead of participating in it. There was something so fun about seeing who would be part of our family this year. Every first year – no matter what House they were sorted into – I watched, wondering what our relationship would be like at the end of the year. Who would be my friend? Who would be my enemy? Who would envy me? Who would I envy?

"Willow Cavanaugh," Professor McGonagall called out.

Cautiously, a girl with long, black hair and big, beautiful, brown eyes approached the sorting hat. As she sat down on the stool, I noticed her hands trembling slightly. The old, raggedy hat was placed on her head, and she looked up at it anxiously, waiting for her House to be announced.

"SLYTHERIN!"

Whatever she'd been expecting, it wasn't this.

A look of confusion crossed her face before she stood and moved to our table. She sat at the very end, where there was no one sitting. She didn't talk to anyone, nor did they talk to her. Her hands were still shaking, but she clasped them together so that no one noticed, even though I already had.

I was about to move to the end of the table to invite her to sit with me and my friends, but just as I moved my legs to the other side of the bench, the doors to the Great Hall burst open. Snape strode in and stormed up to Dumbledore. As the entire hall fell deathly silent, I made eye contact with Hermione from across the room. This had to be about Harry and Weasley. There had to be news about them and the flying car.

Nearly everyone had seen the car as it flew over the Hogwarts Express, and those who hadn't certainly had heard about it by this point. In fact, there was even another rumor going around that the car had crashed right into the Whomping Willow.

I knew Hermione was nervous even before looking into her bugged-out, anxious eyes. She was sitting with Ginny – who'd been predictably sorted into Gryffindor – and her other friends. All of them waited to find out what was going on with the other two, whom still had yet to show their faces.

Hermione forced her eyes away from mine as we turned to watch Snape, McGonagall, and Dumbledore walking out of the Great Hall. The students were so silent that the teachers' footsteps echoed throughout the room. As soon as the doors had shut behind them, the students erupted into chatter.

"I bet they're in big trouble," Draco commented, "I bet they're getting expelled."

I wasn't sure I wanted to accept that.

It was true that I hated Weasley, but after all that happened before the summer, I didn't want to lose Harry. Through fighting the Dark Lord together, I felt that Harry and I had made a connection.

We were friends. And I had missed him.

Draco was probably right, but this was the first time I hoped they would give Harry special treatment.

"I heard that some muggles saw the flying car too," Pansy added, fluttering her eyes at Draco, "I doubt we'll ever have to see them again after they created such a liability."

Her short, black bob bounced as she turned her head to see all three professors returning again. All had an air of disappointment about them, but Snape looked downright disgusted and incredulous. I breathed a sigh of relief.

"They're not expelled," I informed, "Look at Snape."

"So?" Draco said, "What about him? That doesn't m-."

"Malfoy!" Marcus Flint, the Slytherin Quidditch captain, interrupted, coming to stand behind us. He put one hand on either of our shoulders, "I'll see you and Ashe at the try-outs this year, right? I got an owl from your father about the broomsticks. What positions are you two after?"

"Seeker," Draco replied without missing a beat before turning to me in puzzlement, "What position are you after, Raven?"

"Beater," I answered confidently. Though I hadn't talked about it much with Draco, I'd given the position a lot of thought.

"What?" Flint scoffed, looking at me in disbelief, "Beaters need to be strong and balanced. I only know of one witch ever who's been a beater, and she's on a professional team. The Hollyhead Harpies."

"Well, I can see you have your doubts," I sneered facetiously, "I understand. Give up the brooms and don't let me on your team then."

The condescending look on Flint's face was suddenly replaced by a more ferocious one. He removed the hand from Draco's shoulder so that he could lean over me. The hand on my shoulder remained but tightened threateningly. His face got dangerously close to mine as he bared his teeth at me.

"These brooms better be worth it, little girl. And if you lose the Quidditch cup for us, I won't be very happy," he growled.

As he straightened, he shoved me away from him. My body bumped into Crabbe, who was sitting on the other side of me. Then Flint headed back to his own seat.

"Are you joking?" Draco hissed once he was gone, "Beater?"

"I know it's not as glorious as Seeker, but it's one of the toughest positions."

"Exactly."

"You don't think I'm tough, Draco?"

"I do, but you're only twelve. The people in those positions are the older kids…or at least guys."

My eyebrows shot up.

"Excuse me?"

Draco paled, suddenly understand the implications of his own words, "No, no. I didn't mean it like that!"

"Then how exactly did you mean it?" I demanded.

"I just meant…" but he trailed off, unable to answer me.

"You only want to be Seeker because that's what Harry is," I argued.

"That's not true!"

"Listen, Draco," I sighed, "Can you maybe just believe in me? Nothing you say can change my mind."

He stared at me for a few moments before sighing.

"I do believe in you. I just don't want you to get hurt."

That night, I stayed up late next to the fireplace in the common room.

I was desperately flipping through my transfiguration textbook, hoping that we would be learning what I needed. But it seemed that we wouldn't be learning about animagi at all that year. With a huff, I shut the book and stood up to go back to my dorm room.

I had almost reached the stairs when I noticed someone else who hadn't gone to bed yet.

At first, I was surprised and uncomfortable. I hadn't been talking to myself or anything, but it was still unsettling to know that, when I'd thought I'd been alone, someone else had been in the room with me the entire time. How did I not notice her?

She sat in the corner, around the side of the large fireplace where I wouldn't have been able to see her from where I sat on the sofa, but I still should have sensed her presence. I should have heard her as she moved her pencil across the sketchbook she held in her lap.

My black, silk pajama bottoms swished as I made my way over to her.

"Hi there," I greeted, taking a seat on the bench next to her. The bench was hard and uncomfortable. I was surprised that she chose to sit here instead of on one of the empty sofas, unless she really wanted to avoid me, "I'm Ravenfire Ashe."

She looked up from her drawing at me and gave me a small, shy smile.

"I know," she replied, but then seemed mortified by her answer, "I've heard of you. I overheard your name on the train…and all the things you did last year. My name's Willow, by the way."

She had an accent that I couldn't quite place. Most people at Hogwarts had an English accent because most of them lived in the United Kingdom, or at least the magical sister to it. I had an Australian accent because Mother was from Australia originally. Her family moved closer to the Malfoys before she started Hogwarts, but the accent never left. Father, whose family came from Ireland, had an Irish accent, but it was Mother's that I'd adopted.

But Willow had none of these.

"How aren't you in Gryffindor?" she asked me.

"Slytherin is in my blood, I guess," I said with a shrug. I didn't want to divulge that I'd almost been in Gryffindor, especially not to this girl, who was hardly more than a stranger, "Not one person in my family was in any of the other Houses. You looked pretty shocked yourself to be placed in Slytherin. Hoping for a different House?"

"No, no!" she exclaimed quickly, thinking I was offended, "I love being in Slytherin. It's just…I've heard things about this House."

"We've had our share of bad wizards, but so have others. And we've had good wizards too."

"I know about that, but it's not what I meant," she sighed and looked down at her drawing. It was a sketch of herself with the sorting hat on her head, "It's just that…a lot of people in this House are apparently really concerned with blood purity."

"Oh! Are you…"

"Muggle-born?" she interjected, "Yes."

I remained silent, not knowing what to say. Both my family and the Malfoys were really concerned with blood purity, and so were many other Slytherins. So were almost all the Slytherins.

"I just feel like no one is going to like me in this House."

"I'll like you," I told her, "I'm good friends with a muggle-born in Gryffindor."

"What about the others?"

"Maybe…just don't tell anyone."

This was not the answer she was looking for.

"Listen," I continued, putting a gentle hand on her forearm, "They shouldn't care. No matter what your blood status is, you're a Slytherin. You're a part of the family now. Besides, the sorting hat knows more than we do about ourselves. It obviously thinks that you have what it take to be in this House."

Willow looked back up at me and smiled.

"Where are you from?" I asked, "Your accent…it's not from around here, is it?"

"I'm from the United States."

"How did you get come here? Mostly everyone is from this area."

"I'm not sure," she said with a shrug, "You know more about all of this than I do. Is there even a magic school in the U.S.?"

"I don't know. If there is, I've never heard of it."

"Well, even if there is, I guess I'm glad I came here. I just thought I'd be in a different House. One that was more accepting of muggle-born students. Like…literally any House except Slytherin."

"You'll be fine," I promised, "No one even needs to know."

"They'll find out eventually."

"Like I said, you were put in Slytherin for a reason."

Willow didn't respond. She looked back down at her picture, as if imagining the sketched sorting hat on her head announcing that she would be in Gryffindor. I smiled at her comfortingly.
